if I'm not known
and all this
they really exist to dispense
all right
we closed to follow
yes
a person who
what do you think
it is always necessary and then you
regrets
grace has no case that the teeth
in that sense
When I'm about to forget you
from the mochais sinaloa to ccoo and
all his talent on this scenario of
the academy ten years let's see what it is
what tells us already to go on this song
and about pact
I played a very good song, I play a song
incredible and a song that can you
take to show everything vocally about
all the half voice and the falsettos and that to
I would have liked to hear that
melancholy part of you especially with the
letter at the beginning but I think also
the choir is amazing and you have a
energy that then later makes us feel
something and ellis the act of interpreting
up a stage with so many
factors with the lights of the public of
the cameras and all that is fine
complicated then many congratulations
I like to live in the qualifications
as precious
8 of July to 8 of March crosses vote
hidden and already go 8 24 points for paco